# Bouncy-Bullet

Name: Bouncy Bullet

Regular controls: 
	(same for 1st and 2nd player)
Mouse to aim
Spacebar to shoot a bullet
W,a,s,d to move (only for 10th level single payer)

Main objective: There are 10 levels in this game and the objective is to get through all of the levels
without running out of ammo or going past the time limit. Enemies take one bullet to kill. You need to
shoot the enemies with bullets to make their health bar empty. To get past a level all of your enemies
need to die. You lose if you run out of ammo. You are not allowed to move for the first nine level. As
the levels get harder enemies may start to move back and forth in different directions and for 
different lengths. The number of enemies will also change as levels get harder. 

Side objective: Aside from getting through each level still alive and having killed your enemies, there
is one coin that appears each level that you can shoot to collect. You want to have collected all or as
many coins as you can by the end of the tenth level. The difficult thing about collecting coins is 
that since you have a limited amount of ammo, you have to decide whether it is worth using one bullet
from your limited amount to collect a coin or whether you are better off sticking to the main objective
of just killing 

Gate Openers: Sometimes in this game there will be a wall blocking you from even being able to bounce a
bullet off a wall and hit an enemy. In these cases a button will be put somewhere in the level that you
have to hit with a bullet which will in turn open a section of the wall blocking off your enemy and 
then allow him to be hit.

Game Description: This game takes place with a bird’s eye view onto the ground. You’re character in the
game is just a gun sprite. You are not able to move. Your enemy is a Vin Deisel head that you are 
trying to shoot and kill. The enemies do not shoot back. They just stay still (until later levels when 
they will begin to move back and forth). Each level you spawn in a different room. Each room has its 
own set of differently setup barriers within the four walls of the room that make it so that you can’t
just aim directly at your enemy to shoot him. The point of this game is you need to angle your bullets 
so that you can ricochete your bullets off the actual four game walls or off the barriers inside the 
walls to hit your enemy. Bullets can ricochete three times off of walls and after the third hit off a 
wall the bullet will disappear if it hits a wall or barrier for the fourth time. There is a time limit 
for each level and there is a limited amount of bullets you get per level. Where the barriers are 
placed, how much time you get for each level, and the amount of bullets you get per level are all up to
whoever codes the game as it is impossible to determine those variables before actually coding up the 
game and running a trial and error to see what changes make the game too easy or too hard. The amount 
of enemies, where they are placed, where the coins are placed, where the buttons to open the barriers 
(this doesn’t need to be in every level), where the player’s character (or characters if it is
multiplayer) is placed, and how far and what direction the enemies move back and forth (this will only 
be in the later, more difficult levels) are again all up to the actual game coder. I can’t predict how 
to make the variables of this game to make it not too easy or too difficult so you will have to run a 
trial and error to determine how to make each level fun and playable. If at any point during the level 
you run out of ammo, you lose. If you run out of time during the level, you lose. If you lose, words 
flash up on the screen saying “Loser!” and you restart at level 1 no matter what level you were on 
before. The time limit of the level and the amount of bullets you have are constantly displayed during 
the game in the upper right hand corner.

10th Level: The 10th level is different from the first 9 levels as in this level you are able to move 
at will. During this level the game basically becomes a battle royale and the enemies are all able to 
shoot bullets (the enemies have unlimited ammo) and are able to move at will. The enemies are just 
cpu’s whose only goal is to shoot and kill you. It only takes one bullet to kill you just like it only
takes one bullet to kill the enemies. Furthermore, you still only have a limited amount of ammo (to be 
determined by the coder) and there is still a time limit. You want to be able to kill all of the 
enemies without dying yourself, without running out of time, and without running out of bullets. If you 
fail to do this then you restart at level one:(

Multiplayer: In the multiplayer version of this game it is just like the normal version except you and 
the other player are spawned at different parts of the room and the levels are all much more difficult 
than the single player version since you have more ammo as you have two people playing. They way the 
two players play is that player one will go first and shoot their first bullet off at the enemy and 
then player two will use the same controls to shoot a bullet from their sprite and it will alternate 
like this until you win or lose. It is up to the game coder on how hard to make the levels to make it 
not too easy or hard for the two players to win. The 10th level for multiplayer is just another regular
level. The 10th level for multiplayer is just very very hard. Player one’s stat (bullets left) is shown 
on the upper left hand corner and player two’s stat is shown on the upper right hand corner. The time 
remaining in the level is shown in the middle of the top of the game.
